Merge change log (#121)
Skyscanner/backpack-react-scripts: packages/react-scripts/CHANGELOG.md

## 9.5.1

### Changed

> - Upgraded `sass-loader` to `v^10.2.1`. to support to set threadpoolzise by configuring the UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE env var to improve the compiling performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded `sass-loader` to `v^10.2.1`, to support developers can set UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE environment variable to improve the performance of compiling Sass to CSS
```
